Today, the difference is what I titled.
Why do people feel?
Look at the 22, that you want to touch the phone.
And a lot said, Simon, Simon, build, said I have desire to have you.
Said I have desire to have you.
Simon, Simon, said I have desire to have you.
that he may sift you as we.
But I have prayed for you.
That by faith, fear not.
And when I converted, when you are now converted, strengthened by brethren, straight to your bread, Simon, Simon, set an up desire for you to feel.
But no, I have prayed for you, even knowing your faith, you shall pass back.
Now, let us look at some important facts about failure.
Number one
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve.
And that is the fear of failure.
The fear of failure, it makes your dream to look impossible.
You are sick!
That's...
This, and my fairness, you know,
And my favorite selection if I go and try, if I contest as the president of Nigeria, I will fail.
Amen?
If I go for that business, I will fail.
Leave your video.
I don't think that me implying me, if I go to that company, they will not imply me.
If I try, I don't think I will get pregnant.
It means you have invited failure.
Number two part, important part about failure.
Pain is temporary.
Quitting lasts forever.
I come over here.
Pain is temporary.
Quitting lasts forever.
Example.
When you watch
How depend women go through to deliver a child?
Let me not have a child.
I don't need to have a child again, I can't go through that pain.
Then you quit.
It's forever.
But depend is temporary.
I don't think a woman will be in labor for 100 years.
It's temporary.
It's like exercise.
You are doing exercise.
It's painful.
You wake up and you're using real milk.
You are doing exercise.
It's painful.
If you say, I don't need this pain, let me quit.
I stop exercise.
Then you're a failure.
But if you say, this exercise, don't it's painful.
But I know after the pain, there is a gain.
Every pain, that's okay.
It's like right in the exam.
It's painful to mow the night.
In the night, sleep will come.
You'll be washing your eye with water.
You drink coffee.
I won't sleep.
I must have done.
So what kind of stress do this?
I beg.
What kind of exam?
Let me know right I beg.
Let me sleep.
Then it quits.
It's forever.
But the pain that you go through, the pain in doing that assignments, you are doing your middle prayer at night.
The pain you go through, it's just temporary.
Shout a lawyer.
Important facts about failure.
Winners are not afraid of losing.
If you want to be a winner, you will lose some time and you will gain some times.
That's the possibility of losing.
Amen?
You cannot say, oh, because I don't want to lose you.
You back out.
Let me feel you.
But there must be some losing.
The people that, the person that invented light, if you tell you how, he tried.
Even the mob I did in the airplane, I was watching it on Ziva Bet.
How the mob was trying to try, first one failed, crashed.
Shout a layer.
Important thoughts about failure.
Every adversity carries within it the seat of greater benefits.
Every adversity.
Every attack carries within it.
This is a great benefit.
All you need to do is to convert by your problem to promotion.
One man attacking you is attacking you because God wants to use it to promote you.
The adversity that David faced was Goliath and that attack from Goliath resulted in the promotion of David.
Shout to Elia!
Every adversity, husbanding it, the seed of promotion.
If they attack your face, it's a righteous cause.
Maybe you are walking in a place and they are attacking you.
Don't worry.
As far as you are in the right path, then I'm going to attack you.
We're going to attack Shaly to a promotion.
That's advanced Shaly to a promotion.
I'm not here yet, amen.
You cannot climb the ladder of success.
Dressed up with the garment or failure.
You cannot climb the ladder of success, dressed up with the garment or finished up possible.
I want to add the garment or failure.
Sin.
Discouragements.
evil association, can't wait and expect to claim the law to say, you must remove it.
That was why when Jesus saw the blind button must, when blind button to go, Jesus, that son of David, have mess up on me.
Jesus pretended I see video here.
The people around like that, but it must say, close your mouth, die in your sickness.
The Bible said, and he shouted out the month.
Jesus, that's not David.
Happy stuff for me.
Then Jesus stopped, I said, bring him.
Then he knew that it was wearing in the garment of shit, the garment of sickness, the garment of sin.
He have to remove it.
I prophesied.
Every garment that is preventing you from claiming your love or success,
Shaka try to get a normal Jesus.
Stand up and pray these important facts about failure.
Our best success often comes after our greatest appointment.
I come again.
Our best success always comes often after our greatest appointment.
So when you are faced with that great supplement, it means there is a great, there is a very great breakthrough on the way.
Let me hear the system.
And suddenly, the amount you put on your hope, that disappoints you.
Don't kill yourself.
Don't go and cry.
It means there is a very big breakthrough within.
You are just sad, from where you are walking.
And you have put in so many years.
It means God is beginning you to a very big bedroom.
Important facts about failure.
Decision of failure.
Listen to this.
Decision of failure is the best time for showing the seed of success.
Decision of failure.
is the best time of slowing the seed of success.
Now time you are in a tight corner, not out of your abundance, but that time that you are in a tight is way to show aggressive seed.
Seed of, are you mad?
I said that, because it has worked for me.
So many times, I've done some things, some things crazy, some dangerous things.
That is when there is nothing.
One matter, one matter, one matter, one matter, one matter, one matter.
And I'm telling you, it has paid off.
Because pop, yeah, you do have so much sacrifice.
Every two-year sacrifice, everything.
Ciao, hallelujah.
Yesterday I was,
I trust somebody.
Opium, free oil and gas.
They were doing their graduation.
Okay, I'm Friday, sorry, I'm Friday.
This Friday, they were doing their graduation.
Guys, people learning pipeline welding and how it's so hard to establish that place.
If, I'm telling you,
I just say, okay, instead of operating that oil and gas, we open a branch in that place.
I know the money into that place we generate for the church.
If open branch would it be said, no skill accommodation, open branch, it would generate so much money.
But no, instead of generating money, let us invest our human being.
And the people, by the grace of God, the people that have graduated out of that free oil and gas at number 62, secular roots by Trasamadi, 700 people.
700 Jews have been trained in different skills.
700 Jews have been trained in oil and gas.
700 Jews have been trained in safety
HSC, safety, I'm gonna get it, I'm gonna get it.
Several graduates have been trained in computer training.
Several graduates have been trained in cap and train.
Several graduates have been trained in free driving school.
Several graduates have been trained in scaffolding training.
Several graduates have been trained in batch beauty.
If I tell you how much it costs the church to run that place, because we are running the place with Generato, and it costs so much to buy this area.
So the best time to sow is when there is nothing to challenge God.
Important fuss about failure, indecision and delay are the parents of failure.
In decision and delay, you are delaying to do that for God.
Do I do it?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Shout, Alleluia.
Important facts about failure.
You always pass failure on your way to success.
You always pass failure.
But once you are on your way to success, you must pass failure.
Because failures are on the way.
But if you allow the failure to stop you, then you will stop.
But if this failure cannot stop me, I will pass it and continue, then you continue.
Today, you shall protect failure.
I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm not hearing you, I'm
Only if I set the position to be a failure, then you are a failure.
But if you say no, this is not my position.
This is not my position.
I'm just thrust sitting here.
Then you are not a failure.
But even if you are sent it, I say what can I do about it?
After all, my father was a failure.
My grandfather was a failure.
So what's the big deal if I be failure?
Say I reject it.
The back was saying it should be the end and not the third.
Always on top.
Important facts about failure.
The worst failure is to try and sit tattoo.
And your best music is, was gonna be, was gonna be, was gonna be, was gonna be,
And nothing you can do about it.
That is the worst song.
I got to change it now.
We like him myself.
You refuse to die.
You refuse to go out and look for a job.
He said, job will look for you.
You don't want to go to the dress.
I'm going to go out and submit the application.
Hello.
And put on the facts about failure.
If you have no enemy, then you are a big failure.
If you have no enemy, they are different.
Even God has enemy.
The Bible says, let God arise and let his enemies be scattered.
If you have no enemy, then you are a big failure.
Enemy is good.
Because the more the enemies, the more your group.
I'm telling you.
Why opium has grown this fast is because of the enemies we have.
And a lot of people hate opium with their passion.
But the more they hate opium, the more the church is growing.
Not one, not two.
All the people hate me pass.
Check it.
Because I am the only pass.
I will check in every single body on television.
Preaching against your money.
Check on television.
Watch television.
You will never see any pass talk.
Stitching on television said, open it.
They would say, cops.
They would never say, open it.
But I say, open it.
Open it.
If you don't respect, you would die.
Shout out to Elia.
There is so much secret cop.
Open it, initiating people, initiating youth, selling their soul to the devil.
On the furniture now, there's a competition between Albany and Fremenson.
But God would deliver us.
So much people that have showed their soul to the devil and the initiating people massively.
He wants to bring the people to a side.
God will soon expose them.
Only the blessing of God may get rich and add those sorrow.
Secret God would disappoint you.
They wouldn't tell you the back of the shop of joining nobody until you enter.
If it's when you enter, you come and see on that side.
See, if I had known Makwara, but Ebay, they wouldn't tell you
This advantage, the only tell you advantage, you see be kind, cheap, appointment.
When you enter, you're finished.
I prophesy.
Every trap, only people are set for you to enter.
Shabbat, fire, girls, and never lose.
Shabbat, fire, guys, never lose.
If you are here, sit down.
If you are here, you are all that serious pressure of joining the money of the medicine.
And now you are confused.
I don't mean the one they have approached you.
They're different, but just somebody approaching you and you say no.
They have approach, but now you are considering imponant facts about failure.
Failure is the only thing that can be achieved without much effort.
No effort.
If you, if both of us do nothing, then you fail.
You don't need effort to achieve.
You don't need to make an effort to achieve failure.
Only the, stay in your house, lock your door.
Then you fail.
The problem first about failure, failure.
No man is a failure until he is a failure inside.
Until you, until you, in your hands.
You said you are a failure, then you are a failure.
But in your hands, you say, I am a successful man.
I am a successful businessman.
I am a successful pastor.
I am a successful trader.
I'm a successful civil servant, then you're a success.
You're going to get a success.
But what is it?
I mean, I have failed in ministry.
I mean, failure.
Then you have a failure.
You go around.
I mean, failure.
Hello?
Well, I just manage anything I see.
Because I have not made failure.
Then you have a failure.
Shout out earlier.
Important facts about failure.
So a friendly person is a failure.
Every unfriendly person is a failure.
You must be very friendly.
Jesus is very friendly.
Even when children get to play with Jesus, they beep, dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap dap d
Every time you are born in your face, this life is rude to me.
This life is weaker to me.
Even customers come to buy something.
Surprise.
How much would this end by then?
And you are telling five men at a price?
Maybe one man.
Excuse me.
What are you doing?
Please get out.
How can I apply this in one layer?
13 or 5th layer, present one layer.
Ah, please go.
No.
You can't be successful.
But if you do the best to apply, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, you can't apply the sky to one layer, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
is drop my markets, come on.
I know many people are going to look me now, they laugh.
Shut the hell up.
Don't look me tough.
Watch this figure.
The failure is to be less than what God wants you to be.
Once you are less than what God wants to be, then the God wants to be a managing director.
You are now against man.
You are the failure.
God wants you to be an employer of level.
But you are not, you are not an employer.
You are not an employer.
You are the failure.
You are supposed to employ people.
Shout out to Leah.
What is failure?
Failure is to surrender.
To give up.
What is failure?
Failure is to lend nothing from your mistakes.
Normally you can make mistakes.
But when you refuse to lend an idea for that mistake that is video, everybody is bound to make mistake.
But if anything, what did you lend for your mistake?
You were running, so then you fell down.
As you fell down, why did I fall?
Why did this business close?
Why did this man abandon me?
Is it because I slept with him before marriage?
Why did I fail?
What is failure?
Amen.
Failure is to expect defeat.
Whenever you expect, defeat.
I know I'm with the right as you.
I know they will not employ me.
I might say that there's a number to fail.
What is failure?
Failure is to lack direction.
Failure is to please everyone.
What you are trying to please everybody, you are a failure.
You can't please everybody.
You see, even though they present up Nigeria, they cannot please everybody.
You got this desire to give you 1 billion dollars.
You try to go to a village and share everybody 1 million.
They will still use that 1 million to fight you.